.\" Manpage for mytjrsrman.

.TH man 1 "mytjrsrman man page"

.SH NAME

mytjrsrman \- administer mysql backups

.SH SYNOPSIS

mytjrsrman [ -c <config> ] [ -b ] <command> [ <command options and arguments ...> ]

.B commands

backup full | binlog

init

list [ -r <remote server> ] full | binlog

restore [ -y ] [ -n ] [ -p yyyy-mm-dd_hh24:mi:ss ] [ -d <database> [ -x <database> ] | [ -t <database1.table1> [ -t <database2.table2> [ ... ] ] ] ]

.SH DESCRIPTION

This is a tool that wraps MySQL Enterprise Backup to handle backups of MySQL databases.

It adds support for:

- Listing full and binlog bakcups

- Compressing binlog backups

- Restoring only a schema / only a list of tables

- Automated PITR

- Recovery window maintenance

- Creating a new database directory structure

.SH OPTIONS

-c Use another configuration file, and not the default /etc/mytjrsrman.conf.

-b Instead printing output to standard output, print to log file.


.B backup

Backup the database. The new backup can be \fBfull\fR or \fBbinlog\fR backup.

	full: database full backup


	binlog: backup binary logs


.B init

Create directories required to hold a new database - according to MySQL configuration parameters.

.B list

List current backups. List \fBfull\fR or \fBbinlog\fR backups.

	-r List backups from remote mysql server.

.B restore

Restore a previously created backup.
By default, after restoring a backup with PITR, a new backup incarnation is created. Directories $BACKUP_DIR/base and $BACKUP_DIR/binlog are moved to $BACKUP_DIR/restore/$CURRENT_TIMESTAMP.
If you anytime wish to access this backupset again, you need to manually move contents from $BACKUP_DIR/restore/$CURRENT_TIMESTAMP to $BACKUP_DIR. See -n option.
Server config file must exist.

   -n Do not create a new backup incarnation. This is used for PITR accross different environments, such as restoring production backups in test servers.

   -p Restore using a specific point in time - PITR.

   -d Restore only a specific schema. Cannot be used with -t.

   -x Restore only a specific schema, but with a new name. Requires -d.

   -t Restore only specific table(s). Cannot be used with -d.

   -s Slave mode: do not apply binlogs after restoration. Needed when mounting a slave server.
   
   -y Assume YES to confirmation.

.SH SEE ALSO

mytjrsrman.conf(8)

.SH AUTHOR

Rodrigo Cardoso <rodrigocardoso@tjrs.jus.br>
