.\" Manpage for mytjrsrman.

.TH man 8 "mytjrsrman.conf man page"

.SH NAME

mytjrsrman.conf \- mytjrsrman configuration

.SH DESCRIPTION

mytjrsrman reads its configuration from a section in Mysql server's my.cnf configuration file. The default section name is "[mytjrsrman]". If you need more than one instance in the same host, use "[mytjrsrman@<sid>]" - where <sid> is Mysql server instance alias, and set MYSQL_SID before calling mytjrsrman. For example, use "[mytjrsrman@dev]" and set MYSQL_SID=dev. Configuration variables:

aux_basedir: Directory that the auxiliar instance will use to restore a specific schema/table. Its owner must be mysql.
	REQUIRED

backup_directory: Directory where backups are going to be saved.
	REQUIRED

db_hostname: Database hostname - optional - mysql_config_editor can be used.

db_password: Database password - optional - mysql_config_editor can be used.

db_username: Database username - optional - mysql_config_editor can be used.

log_dir: log directory. Required when option -b is used.

lock_file: Lock file path. Lock file is used to block simultaneous instances running.
	REQUIRED

max_mem: max memory Enterprise Backup is allowed to use - in Mb.
   DEFAULT: 300.

read_only: 1 to avoid making backups. Useful for safety when an instance is always only a copy from another one.
   DEFAULT: 0

read_threads: Number of threads for reading tasks.
   DEFAULT: 1.

retention_period: Backup retention period (days).
	REQUIRED

slave_server: Hostname and port of the slave server that is receiving updates from this master. Format: <host>[:<port>]. Default port is 3306.
   DEFAULT: no slave is configured.

write_threads: Number of threads for writing tasks.
   DEFAULT: 1.

.SH EXAMPLE

==> Instance: tst

[mytjrsrman@tst]

aux_basedir=/var/tmp/mysql.aux

backup_directory=/mnt/backup

db_username=root

db_password=passwd1234

log_dir=/var/log/mytjrsrman

lock_file=/var/lib/mytjrsrman.lock

retention_period=20

read_threads=5

write_threads=5

.SH SEE ALSO
mytjrsrman(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Rodrigo Cardoso <rodrigocardoso@tjrs.jus.br>
