.\" Manpage for myfreerman.

.TH man 1 "myfreerman man page"

.SH NAME

myfreerman \- administer mysql backups

.SH SYNOPSIS

myfreerman -h

myfreerman [ -c <config> ] [ -l <log file format> ] [ -q ] [ -y ] <command> [ ... ]

myfreerman <command> ... -h

.B commands

apply

	binlog

backup

	full

	binlog

drop

	database

flashback

	table

init

	database

	slave

list

	full

	binlog

	events

recover

	slave

remove

	expired

restore

	config

	database

.SH DESCRIPTION

This is a tool that wraps MySQL Enterprise Backup to handle backups of MySQL databases.

It adds support for:

- Listing full and binlog bakcups

- Compressing binlog backups

- Restoring only a schema / only a list of tables

- Restoring server configuration

- Automated PITR

- Recovery window maintenance

- Creating a new database repository

- Creating a new slave server

- Drop a database

- Table flashbacks

It cannot be used remotely, because binary logs are saved using OS commands.

.SH CONFIGURATION

The default configuration section is \fBmysqld\fR for the server and \fBmyfreerman\fR for myfreerman. You can define environment variable \fBMYSQL_SID\fR to change the section.
Exemple: MYSQL_SID=dev => sections are mysqld@dev and myfreerman@dev.

.SH OPTIONS

-c Use another configuration file, and not the default /etc/my.cnf.

-l Print output to log file. Variables in format are the same as in "date" command.

-q Quiet mode - do not show release information.

-y Assume YES to all questions.

-h Print help (any command has this option)

.B apply

	Apply binary logs on a recently restored database.


.B backup

Backup the database. Used for full backups and for binary log backups.


.B drop

Drop data from local server.


.B flashback

Flashback tables to previous states by timestamps.

Flashback is not supported for tables that had INSERT or DELETE commands.

Flashback is not supported for tables with BLOB columns.

Flashback is not supported for tables that had the structure changed.

Flashback is not supported for tables that were TRUNCATED.

.B init

Initialize new database, which can be a new master or a slave.


.B list

List backups or binlog events.


.B remove

Remove backups.


.B restore

Restore data from backup.


.SH SEE ALSO

myfreerman.conf(8)

.SH AUTHOR

Rodrigo Cardoso <rodrigocardoso@tjrs.jus.br>
